Update the callbacks.configMap value to be templated (#142)
timescale/timescaledb-kubernetes: charts/timescaledb-single/admin-guide.md

| `env`                             | Extra custom environment variables, expressed as [EnvVar](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.16/#envvarsource-v1-core)          | `[]`                                                |
| `envFrom`                         | Extra custom environment variables, expressed as [EnvFrom](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.16/#envfromsource-v1-core)          | `[]`                                                |
| `patroni`                         | Specify your specific [Patroni Configuration](https://patroni.readthedocs.io/en/latest/SETTINGS.html) | A full Patroni configuration |

> | `callbacks.configMapTpl`          | Templated name of a kubernetes ConfigMap containing [Patroni callbacks](#callbacks) | `nil`                         |

Reviewer: I think the behaviour seems fine, I'm not that happy with names changing, and also not very happy with the Tpl suffix everywhere.

What if we don't change the name, but only document that it is allowed to be a template?
```suggestion
| `callbacks.configMap`          | A kubernetes ConfigMap containing [Patroni callbacks](#callbacks). You can use templates in the name. | `nil`                         |
```
